#.  21 March 2026
1## Component Wrapper
1.  Resizable.
2.  Transparent.
3.  Containing interface to redux actions.
4.  Containing interface to which we can add event handlers for events on the component.
5.  Map redux actions to events and vice versa.
2## Grid Functionality
1.  Transparent
2.  Collapsible rows and columns.
3.  Fixed header, fixed footer, fixed leftnav. All collapsible based on user action.
+.  When a row or column is collapsed the remining grid animates to fill the empty space.
4.  Grid for the entire page, meaning all page components go in a grid.
3## Components
1.  Forms
2.  Tabs
3.  Modals
4.  Tables
5.  Buttons
6.  Alerts
7.  Rich Text Editor
8.  Code Editor
9.  Video recorder
10. Audio recorder
11. Charts
4## Redux Actions
1.
5## Component Redux Mapping
1.

##  Prompts
1## Updates -- Done
1.  Call this application as soon as web flux application is written.
2.  All API requests will be made with JWT token.
3.  All forms will be view only by default, there will be an edit button that is enabled or disabled based on user authorization level for that entity.
4.  There will be grouped forms, may be as tabs in UI, with root form and child forms, in this case the child forms can be enabled if a parent record is already selected, the parent ID is gotten from the selection made and is not available in the form.
5.  In case a form has a link to a parent table, the selection box is always an AJAX powered autocomplete, in case of link master, or child it will be AJAX autocomplete with multiselect.
6.  Permissions are shared with UI as allowed API calls in JSON, I think we have to make this change in backend, add an endpoint that lists out API endpoints user can access.
2## Updates -- Done
1.  Each page contains a form for updating a record and a list of records user has access to as a table.
2.  Each component is generated separately and grouped into a page in application definition.
3.  From groups are organized into pages.
4.  A page can contain a filter and a query as well.
5.  Form has its own grid, need not be collapsible on column or row.
3## Updates -- Done
1.  For all components use lite and gentle colors.
2.  Have components animate with user actions, use outline animation or other mild animations, not jump out or too attention grabbing, just an acknowledgement.
3.  These should be updatable in application definition.
4## Updates -- Done
1.  Definitions in separate files, one file per layer.
5## Updates -- 2D Charts
1.  Have as many as possible 2D Charts in the library, that can be used along with query table in a page.
2.  Have logic within react application that maps the right kind of table data to the right kind of chart.
3.  Use an open source charting library like apache echarts or d3.
6## Updates -- Done
1.  The table under the forms table should have buttons to view, update, delete a record.
2.  To add any record to a query the grant access button must be on root table form.
7## Updates
1.  